{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}
{\f28\fswiss\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Bold;}{\f94\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f95\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f97\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f98\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f99\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f100\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f101\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f134\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}{\f135\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}{\f137\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f138\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Helvetica (Hebrew);}
{\f140\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Helvetica (Arabic);}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Joe Liversedge}{\operator Joe Liversedge}
{\creatim\yr2005\mo8\dy15\hr17\min36}{\revtim\yr2005\mo8\dy15\hr17\min36}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords269}{\nofchars1538}{\*\company Vtls Inc.}{\nofcharsws1888}{\vern8229}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f28\fs22\cf1 From: }{\f5\fs22\cf1 Simon Huggard <Simon.Huggard@lib.monash.edu.au>
\par }{\b\f28\fs22\cf1 Date: }{\f5\fs22\cf1 July 13, 2005 11:47:22 PM EDT
\par }{\b\f28\fs22\cf1 To: }{\f5\fs22\cf1 Joe Liversedge <liversedgej@vtls.com>
\par }{\b\f28\fs22\cf1 Subject: Arrow handle resolver issue
\par }{\f5\cf1 
\par Joe, I've been asked to look at the handle server here at Monash! 
I believe Andrew Harrison has already asked you to change the vital software so that handles which are generated by the software, actually point to the local handle server and not the international one.
\par 
\par So, for example, arrowprod at Monash would produce handles such as:
\par 
\par   http://arrow.monash.edu.au/hdl:1959.1/77
\par 
\par rather than http://hdl.handle.net/1959.1/77
\par 
\par The arrow.monash.edu URL doesn't work at present, but on arrowprod, currently this works :
\par 
\par   http://arrowprod.lib.monash.edu.au:8081/hdl:1959.1/77
\par 
\par Can you please change the handle server configuration (on both arrowprod and arrowdev) so that the handle server can listen on port 80, rather than on port 8081?
\par 
\par Currently there's nothing running on port 80, so there shouldn't be a conflict (I hope).
\par 
\par I'm hoping then that we won't need to use the '8081' port in the URL.
\par 
\par And I'm presuming arrowdev would produce handles like this:
\par 
\par   http://arrowdev.lib.monash.edu.au/hdl:1959.100/194
\par 
\par I will change our configuration here at Monash so that we can use arrow.monash.edu.au instead of arrowprod.lib.monash.edu.au .
\par That's a name change we have to make in our hostname database here at Monash so you don't have to worry about that change.
\par 
\par If there's anything I've missed or there's something that's in the server root setup that I will have to ask our ITS people to fix, just let me know.
\par 
\par Thanks,
\par 
\par Simon
\par 
\par -- 
\par 
\par _______________________________________
\par Simon Huggard
\par Systems Manager
\par Information Systems Division
\par Monash University Library
\par Monash University
\par Building 4, Monash University, Vic, Australia 3800
\par Phone: (03) 9905 9138 Fax: (03) 9905 2610
\par Mobile: 0425 774 260
\par }}